[ENH] minor docs updates and qsiprep changes (#847)
yeatmanlab/pyAFQ: README.md

# pyAFQ
Automated Fiber Quantification ... in Python.

For details, see [Documentation](https://yeatmanlab.github.io/pyAFQ)

For further analysis of results, see [AFQ-Insight](https://github.com/richford/AFQ-Insight)

## Citing _pyAFQ_

> If you use _pyAFQ_ in a scientific publication, please see cite us:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use _pyAFQ_ in a scientific publication, please cite out paper:
```
